en, zh: update failover recover procedure for tikv and tiflash (#712)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/use-auto-failover.md

### Failover with TiKV

> When a TiKV Pod fails, its status turns to `Disconnected`. After 30 minutes (configurable by modifying [`max-store-down-time`](https://pingcap.com/docs/stable/pd-configuration-file/#max-store-down-time) in PD's [configuration file](https://github.com/pingcap/pd/blob/master/conf/config.toml)), it turns to `Down`. After waiting for 5 minutes (configurable by modifying `tikvFailoverPeriod`), TiDB Operator creates a new TiKV Pod if this TiKV Pod is still down. If the failed TiKV Pod gets back online, considering that scaling in the TiKV Pods will trigger data transfer, TiDB Operator does not automatically delete the newly created Pod.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a TiKV Pod fails, its status turns to `Disconnected`. After 30 minutes (configurable by setting [`max-store-down-time`](https://pingcap.com/docs/stable/pd-configuration-file/#max-store-down-time) to `"30m"` in PD's configuration file), the status becomes `Down`. After waiting for another 5 minutes (configurable by modifying `tikvFailoverPeriod`), if this TiKV Pod is still down, TiDB Operator creates a new TiKV Pod.

If the failed TiKV Pod gets back online, TiDB Operator does not automatically delete the newly created Pod. This is because scaling in the TiKV Pods will trigger data transfer.
```

> If **all** of the failed Pods have recovered, and you want to scale in the newly created Pods, you can follow the below procedure:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If **all** of the failed Pods have recovered, and you want to scale in the newly created Pods, you can follow the procedure below:
```

Configure `spec.tikv.recoverFailover: true` (Supported since TiDB Operator v1.1.5):

{{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

```shell
kubectl edit tc -n ${namespace} ${cluster_name}
```

> TiDB Operator will scale in the newly created Pods automatically, when the scaling in is finished, configure `spec.tikv.recoverFailover: false` to avoid the auto-scaling operation when the next failover occurs and recovers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TiDB Operator will scale in the newly created Pods automatically. When the scaling in is finished, configure `spec.tikv.recoverFailover: false` to avoid the auto-scaling operation when the next failover occurs and recovers.
```

### Failover with TiDB

The TiDB automatic failover policy works the same way as `Deployment` does in Kubernetes. Assume that there are 3 nodes in a TiDB cluster. If a TiDB node is down for over 5 minutes (configurable by modifying `tidbFailoverPeriod`), TiDB Operator creates a new TiDB node. At this time, there are 4 nodes in the cluster. When the failed TiDB node gets back online, TiDB Operator deletes the newly created node and the number of nodes gets back to 3.

### Failover with TiFlash

> When a TiFlash Pod fails, its status turns to `Disconnected`. After 30 minutes (configurable by modifying [`max-store-down-time`](https://pingcap.com/docs/stable/pd-configuration-file/#max-store-down-time) in PD's [configuration file](https://github.com/pingcap/pd/blob/master/conf/config.toml)), it turns to `Down`. After waiting for 5 minutes (configurable by modifying `tiflashFailoverPeriod`), TiDB Operator creates a new TiFlash Pod if this TiFlash Pod is still down. If the failed TiFlash Pod gets back online, considering that scaling in the TiFlash Pods will trigger data transfer, TiDB Operator does not automatically delete the newly created Pod.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a TiFlash Pod fails, its status turns to `Disconnected`. After 30 minutes (configurable by setting [`max-store-down-time`](https://pingcap.com/docs/stable/pd-configuration-file/#max-store-down-time) to `"30m"` in PD's configuration file), the status becomes `Down`. After waiting for another 5 minutes (configurable by modifying `tiflashFailoverPeriod`), if this TiFlash Pod is still down, TiDB Operator creates a new TiFlash Pod.

If the failed TiFlash Pod gets back online, TiDB Operator does not automatically delete the newly created Pod. This is because scaling in the TiFlash Pods will trigger data transfer.
```

> If **all** of the failed Pods have recovered, and you want to scale in the newly created Pods, you can follow the below procedure:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If **all** of the failed Pods have recovered, and you want to scale in the newly created Pods, you can follow the procedure below:
```

Configure `spec.tiflash.recoverFailover: true` (Supported since TiDB Operator v1.1.5):

{{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

```shell
kubectl edit tc -n ${namespace} ${cluster_name}
```

> TiDB Operator will scale in the newly created Pods automatically, when the scaling in is finished, configure `spec.tiflash.recoverFailover: false` to avoid the auto-scaling operation when the next failover occurs and recovers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TiDB Operator will scale in the newly created Pods automatically. When the scaling in is finished, configure `spec.tiflash.recoverFailover: false` to avoid the auto-scaling operation when the next failover occurs and recovers.
```
